>> Kyle Simpson: All right, well, it's
time that we practice this candy factory,
I mean, composition.
So we've got a quick little exercise for
you,
we're gonna define our own general
compose and general pipe function.
Rather than having one that can only
take 2 or 3 or 4, we wanna write general
functions that can take any number 2,
3, 4, 100, however many that we pass.
You'll notice in the set up for
this exercise,
we have several functions provided,
increment, decrement, double, and half.
And then here are your compose and
pipe functions that you wanna implement.
And you'll notice that you have several
functions set up here at the bottom,
that's the ones that
you're going to test with.
And so you want to make sure that
at the end all of these print true.
You'll notice that in
each case the compose and
the pipe are deliberately set up
to be the reverse of each other.
So that's why f1(3) should return the same
thing as f2(3), because compose with
increment,decrement should be the same
as pipe with decrement,increment, okay?
One last little hint in
implementing compose and
pipe is that you really only need
to implement one of these two.
Pick either compose or
pipe and implement it.
And then the other one can be implemented
in terms of the previous one but
just reversing the list of
functions that you pass in.